Queen, I was wrong.
I really know I'm wrong.
Can you give me one more chance?
Mom.
The house is right.
It's all the family's fault.
It's all for my family.
Otherwise I wouldn't have come this far.
Mom, I'm going to cut ties with the Su family right now.
It's all because of you.
Ly Van Hieu
What are you doing?
It's all because of your Su family.
If not for your family.
I'm not going this far.
Ly Van Hieu
You ungrateful little animal.
You let go of Yen Nhi.
If you don't lick your face begging
How can I agree to this marriage?
It's all because of this little animal.
If it wasn't for you constantly humiliating your mother
How can we blame the princess?
It's all your own doing.
Can't blame us.
You talk nonsense that has nothing to do with me.
I'm not wrong. It's all your fault.
That's enough.
What you're doing.
It just makes me feel nauseous.
You're my fault.